README.md, before:

# professional-README-generator
https://bradfan.github.io/professional-README-generator/

Video Link: https://youtu.be/wWsxo9SH4XA

A command-line application that accepts user input is displayed and the user is prompted for information about their application repository.Then a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of their project and sections entitled "Description," "Table of Contents," "Installation," "Usage," "License," "Contributing," "Tests," and "Questions." When the user enters the project title, it is displayed as the title of the README. When they enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions then this information is added to the sections of the README entitled "Description," "Installation," "Usage," "Contributing," and "Tests." When they choose a license for their application from a list of options, a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled "License" that explains which license the application is covered under. When they enter their GitHub username it is added to the section of the README entitled "Questions" with a link to their GitHub profile. When they enter their email address it is added to the section of the README entitled "Questions," with instructions on how to reach them with additional questions. When they click on the links in the Table of Contents, they are taken to the corresponding section of the README.

The Professional README Generator that is created is currently labeled genREADME.md so it does not overwrite this README.md which I turn in for a grade.

![Screen Shot](images/README.png)

Commit message:

add generated README to file directory

README.md, after:

# professional-README-generator
https://bradfan.github.io/professional-README-generator/

Video Link: https://youtu.be/wWsxo9SH4XA

A command-line application that accepts user input is displayed and the user is prompted for information about their application repository.Then a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of their project and sections entitled "Description," "Table of Contents," "Installation," "Usage," "License," "Contributing," "Tests," and "Questions." When the user enters the project title, it is displayed as the title of the README. When they enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions then this information is added to the sections of the README entitled "Description," "Installation," "Usage," "Contributing," and "Tests." When they choose a license for their application from a list of options, a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled "License" that explains which license the application is covered under. When they enter their GitHub username it is added to the section of the README entitled "Questions" with a link to their GitHub profile. When they enter their email address it is added to the section of the README entitled "Questions," with instructions on how to reach them with additional questions. When they click on the links in the Table of Contents, they are taken to the corresponding section of the README.

The Professional README Generator that is created is currently labeled genREADME.md so it does not overwrite this README.md which I turn in for a grade. Per written instructions I have included a generated genREADME.md file in the file directory.

![Screen Shot](images/README.png)
